you
hey guys so I just finished the five
minute makeup challenge and I've been
wanting to do this for a really long
time because it's been out there forever
I feel like everyone's done that
challenge and I just never got around to
it so I just figure today I would do it
and this is um all the makeup that I
could put out in five minutes so I think
I did pretty well um its losses pretty
much everything that I wear on a daily
basis except I didn't even get to my
bottom lashes I didn't even put mascara
on there I feel like what's the most
time consuming and since Kara put on
foundation translucent powder blush
lipstick and eyeliner and mascara
normally I guess I put a little bit of
shadow my crease to normally I would do
a little bit more like I put highlighter
is what I wish I could have still put on
and then bottom lashes and I still
didn't even finish my top lashes
completely with the mascara so it's not
ideal I didn't do my brows either so
there's so many extra steps I feel like
that I normally would do that is what
causes me to take more than five minutes
but um this is all I could do in five
minutes then I guess it's not too awful
I did so much my mascara towards the end
which kind of delayed the whole process
for like 30 seconds because I had to
like try and get it off but overall I
guess it wasn't too bad um the reason
why I wanted to make a little
announcement if you at least seem like
one of my videos and I'm sure you know
that I'm kind of obsessed with argan oil
I use it for my hair my body my face I
use it for a lot of things and I mention
it quite frequently company eaten allure
who I get my organoid from there trying
to get more funding because I don't
really know the details of it I don't
know if they're not doing too well but
they contacted me saying they are trying
to get more funding they're trying to
get people to vote for them so they can
get that and since that company is
really important to me because I get my
organelle from them and the alarm should
give aways for you guys on its kind of
it would be awesome if you guys could
just go to the website on the link is
going to be down in the description box
i'm also going to put it somewhere in
here if you could just go to the website
and vote for them I think there's only
three more days three full days to vote
so if you can just go there really quick
it's going to take like 10 seconds and
just vote for them so that they can get
the funding that they need thanks so
much if you do go there and what for
I really appreciate it a lot and I hope
you liked this little five minute makeup
challenge and i'll talk to you guys soon